README.md, before:

created heroku app
linked git repository to heroku app -git remote add heroku https://git.heroku.com/milestone-3-recipebook.git
created requirements.txt
created Procfile


recipe:
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1514/beef-burgers-learn-to-make
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/5544/the-ultimate-makeover-fish-and-chips
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1359634/sausage-and-mash

background:
Photo by Brooke Lark on Unsplash

Change re: edit and delete - input on display

defensive - list of authors and countries tested before displaying filter
defensive - ingredients cannot be added without amount or name
defensive - ingredient name cannot contain number 
defensive - ingredient amount cannot contain letters
defensive - recipe needs to have a name, at least one ingredient and a method
defensive - dropdown selection lists
defensive - hour and minute input max 59, min 0 and number only
defensive - drop down list of units


flask jinja python
materialize pagination plugin in https://mirjamsk.github.io/materialize-pagination/
search buttons:
meal: https://c.pxhere.com/photos/5b/df/blue_plate_breakfast_cuisine_dairy_product_delicious_dining_dining_room_dinner-1516443.jpg!d
ingredients: https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1433267
author: https://c.pxhere.com/photos/f4/26/alphabets_ancient_author_data_document_editorial_information_keyboard-1401823.jpg!d
allergies: https://c.pxhere.com/images/30/d8/1114ac791573938512d436cfd697-1435829.jpg!d

defensive - category search - prevent entering empty search
admin edit and delete all recipes

show on medium not work - workaround - hide on small only and hide on large only

text only https://www.jqueryscript.net/form/A-jQuery-Plugin-To-Restrict-Characters-In-Text-Field-Alphanum.html

beta - errors
unable to add recipe - error checking favourite

Commit message:

fixed bug on adding new recipe - issue with database structure, added options for recipe type - beverage, and unit of 'unit' at user request

README.md, after:

created heroku app
linked git repository to heroku app -git remote add heroku https://git.heroku.com/milestone-3-recipebook.git
created requirements.txt
created Procfile


recipe:
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1514/beef-burgers-learn-to-make
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/5544/the-ultimate-makeover-fish-and-chips
https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1359634/sausage-and-mash

background:
Photo by Brooke Lark on Unsplash

Change re: edit and delete - input on display

defensive - list of authors and countries tested before displaying filter
defensive - ingredients cannot be added without amount or name
defensive - ingredient name cannot contain number 
defensive - ingredient amount cannot contain letters
defensive - recipe needs to have a name, at least one ingredient and a method
defensive - dropdown selection lists
defensive - hour and minute input max 59, min 0 and number only
defensive - drop down list of units


flask jinja python
materialize pagination plugin in https://mirjamsk.github.io/materialize-pagination/
search buttons:
meal: https://c.pxhere.com/photos/5b/df/blue_plate_breakfast_cuisine_dairy_product_delicious_dining_dining_room_dinner-1516443.jpg!d
ingredients: https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1433267
author: https://c.pxhere.com/photos/f4/26/alphabets_ancient_author_data_document_editorial_information_keyboard-1401823.jpg!d
allergies: https://c.pxhere.com/images/30/d8/1114ac791573938512d436cfd697-1435829.jpg!d

defensive - category search - prevent entering empty search
admin edit and delete all recipes

show on medium not work - workaround - hide on small only and hide on large only

text only https://www.jqueryscript.net/form/A-jQuery-Plugin-To-Restrict-Characters-In-Text-Field-Alphanum.html

beta - errors
unable to add recipe - error checking favourite and new_category_doc (error in database structure)
labels not moving on edit recipe - odd diuplicate code worked fine
beverage
